Welcome to the Vivarium!
What is the Vivarium?
A chance for survival
Hope for a long and successful symbiosis
on this beautiful blue planet
Because if we, as the human species
don't take action immediately,
we will soon lose our home
It's not science fiction; it's inevitability
What is the Vivarium?
Innovative, state-of-the-art technology
Built on the principle of zero energy,
completely self-sustaining and self-sufficient capsules,
where humanity can seal itself off for a while
According to calculations by an international team of scientists,
if 69% of the world's population
seals themselves in these capsules
for 23 years, planet Earth can
regenerate its fragile flora
and fauna at an exponential rate
23 years in the capsule for humanity
is equivalent to 100 recovery years for the planet
Not a bad trade, is it?
What is the Vivarium?
An artificial environment where everything necessary for life exists
Air, drinking water, food, hygiene products,
light, and medicines
All waste is processed into energy
Nothing goes to waste,
and nothing becomes overwhelming
The capsule is divided into three parts:
a technical complex,
private chambers
and a spacious community area,
where courageous capsule inhabitants spend
most of their 23 years
The Vivarium is both an investment and a privilege
Every person entering the capsule
plays an important role in saving the planet's health
Additionally, the capsule provides protection
from all kinds of catastrophic threats
From natural disasters to nuclear winters
The Vivarium is the solution we all need
But the Vivarium is not yet fully ready
The technology is there, but there are
a couple of human-related decisions pending
Namely, each country is responsible
for acquiring the capsule
The government of the Republic of Estonia has made tremendous
efforts for the preservation of the Estonian people
and conducted extensive calculations
and arrived at a harsh conclusion
The Estonian state can only afford
to acquire four capsules
Four may not be much,
but it's better than zero
Four capsules for the people of Estonia
Four seeds for the treasure trove of our future hopes
But the Estonian government has been unable
to reach a consensus on population distribution
Based on what criteria should Estonian citizens be divided
to create the most sustainable,
viable, and prosperous communities?
What attributes and commonalities
should be the basis for selection?
The latest position of the Estonian Academy of Sciences
is ambivalent
They are shrugging their shoulders
The government has taken the stance of not
having a clear position on this matter
The President's position is wait-and-see
Kroonika (a publication) hasn't expressed its position
The burning issue has not found a solution
However, the capsules need to be purchased
The countdown timer for 23 years must start ticking
So, we turn to you
and ask for assistance in making the right choices
You will become participants in our crucial experiment
Influencers and implementers
In fact, the experiment has already begun
The first game has already been played
The necessary data has been stored in our cloud,
where our unique algorithm
is already making calculations
Many thanks for your contribution
So, we shall continue with our experiment